publications.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: "Publications"
permalink: /Publications/
---
# Conference Papers 

1. **M. V. Ngo**, Q. D. La, D. Leong, and T. Q. S. Quek, ["User Behavior Driven MAC Scheduling for Body Sensor Networks,"](http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8210762/) in *Proc. IEEE HealthCom*, Dalian, China, Oct. 2017.

2. Q. D. La, D. Nguyen-Nam, **M. V. Ngo**, and T. Q. S. Quek, ["Coexistence Evaluation of Densely Deployed BLE-based Body Area Networks,"](http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8253947/) in *Proc. IEEE Globecom*, Singapore, Dec. 2017.

3. **V. M. Ngo**, and Q. S. Vo, ["Applying Queuing Theory to Evaluate Performance of Cluster Wireless Sensor Networks,"](http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/7388380/) in *Proc. IEEE ATC*, pp. 501-506, Oct. 2015.

4. **V. M. Ngo**, and Q. S. Vo, "Application of Queuing Theory to Analyze and Evaluate Performance of Wireless Sensor Networks,” in *The International Symposium On Electrical And Electronics Engineering (ISEE)*, pp. 432-440, Oct. 2015.

Commit message:

Add preprint papers and update publications.

publications.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: "Publications"
permalink: /Publications/
---
# Conference Papers 

1. **M. V. Ngo**, Q. D. La, D. Leong, and T. Q. S. Quek, "User Behavior Driven MAC Scheduling for Body Sensor Networks," in *Proc. IEEE HealthCom*, Dalian, China, Oct. 2017. [IEEE Xplore](http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8210762/), [Preprint](https://ngovanmao.github.io/papers/2017_Healthcom_MAC_NLLQ.pdf)

2. Quang Duy La, Duong Nguyen-Nam, **Mao V Ngo**, Hieu T Hoang, Tony QS Quek, "Dense Deployment of BLE-based Body Area Networks: A Coexistence Study," *IEEE Transaction on Green Communications and Networking*, 2018. [IEEE Xplore](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/8418825/), [Preprint](https://ngovanmao.github.io/papers/2018_GreenCom_Coexistence_LNNHQ.pdf)

3. Q. D. La, D. Nguyen-Nam, **M. V. Ngo**, and T. Q. S. Quek, "Coexistence Evaluation of Densely Deployed BLE-based Body Area Networks," in *Proc. IEEE Globecom*, Singapore, Dec. 2017. [IEEE Xplore](http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8253947/), [Preprint](https://ngovanmao.github.io/papers/2017_Globecom_BLECoexistence_LNNQ.pdf)

4. **V. M. Ngo**, and Q. S. Vo, "Applying Queuing Theory to Evaluate Performance of Cluster Wireless Sensor Networks," in *Proc. IEEE ATC*, pp. 501-506, Oct. 2015. [IEEE Xplore](http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/7388380/), [Preprint](https://ngovanmao.github.io/papers/2015_ATC_Queue_MS.pdf)

5. **V. M. Ngo**, and Q. S. Vo, "Application of Queuing Theory to Analyze and Evaluate Performance of Wireless Sensor Networks,” in *The International Symposium On Electrical And Electronics Engineering (ISEE)*, pp. 432-440, Oct. 2015.
